(birds chirping)
(people talking indistinctly)
(sighs)
He must have meant it as a
present for you.
(voice echoing)
Don't you think?
It's what we call
"love at first sight."
I'm sure he's waiting for you
to respond in some way.
(mmm...)
(sighs)
Mmm...
So sweet.
(OPENING THEME)
(bells ringing)
(indistinct chatter)
Hey, Nu.
Hello, sir.
You're going to school here?
No, I borrowed these clothes.
I'll attract less attention
in a uniform.
[Cid] Makes sense.
About the man in black we
apprehended last night,
just as we had expected,
brainwashing
destroyed his mind.
Uh-huh...
It's a common trait of
the Cult of Diablos,
of their vanguard that they
call the Third Children.
Unfortunately,
no matter what I tried to do,
it was impossible to get any
more information.
Oh, yeah...
[Nu]
His costume was routed through
lawless distribution channels,
so we couldn't trace it.
[Skel] I already made
sure to enter you!
You are welcome!
You are ever so
very, very welcome!
(indistinct chatter)
We wanted to enter too,
but that's not exactly possible
with these injuries, you know?
Yeah, I won't do it.
Why in the hell not?!
If you fight in the tournament,
then you can easily get
two or three girls.
(Skel gasping)
If you attract too many,
you can send some of them our-
(Po gasping)
F-for some reason
my stomach hurts.
Yeah,
m-my stomach is hurting too.
(sighs)
[Nu] They take orphans
with magical aptitude
and children of poor families
and administer drugs
and brainwashing
to create the
Children of Diablos.
The cult has been doing this
for a great many years.
[Cid] Huh...
I suspect the cult's goal
is to use the name
of Shadow Garden
to lure us out of
our hiding place.
Ah...
I so don't need this right now.
I'm simply not gonna do it.
I understand, my Lord.
However, I feel I should
also inform you
that we just found
a named First Child
in the Royal Capital.
He's named Rex,
the Game of Betrayal.
(orchestral music)
Named?
[Nu] Yes.
A First Child is someone who
has maintained his
sense of self.
And if they're deploying named
Children to the Royal Capital,
it's clear they have some
other purpose in mind.
Yes, of course.
If I'm considering the
fundamental objective,
I may not be the one
who set the stage,
but there are ways for
me to deal with this.
[Nu] Lord Shadow?
The perfect opportunity...
Nevertheless,
it will require some thinking.
See you later, Nu.
[Kagenou]
I have 24 at the moment.
I'll want at least twice that.
[Nu]
In every single circumstance,
he always leads us straight
to the best solution.
No, he's had the answer
from the start.
The Wisdom of the Shadows...
(indistinct chatter)
[Nu] Life at school, the life
I would be living if...
(lively classical music)
(laughing)
(off-tune music)
(Nu gasping and screaming)
[Nu] But...
I would much rather
have it this way
than live my life
never knowing the truth.
(crowd cheering)
(minor explosion)
Winner, Claire Kagenou.
(crowd cheering)
[spectators]
I knew Claire could do it.
-I can see why Princess Iris
has her eye on HER.
-How do you think she'll do
against Student Council
President Rose?
-If only Princess Alexia
weren't injured!
Step up!
If you're not willing to risk
it, what good are you as a man?
In the six matches so far,
(students clamoring)
we've had favorites, long
shots, anything goes!
You're not going to be placing
a bet on this one, Skel?
No, I went and put
everything I had
on the sure winner
of the first match.
That was a very unfortunate
upset, wasn't it?
I'll be eating nothing
but stale bread
until the end of the month.
If you go with the potatoes,
they're very versatile.
[bookie] All right,
our next match is one
you'll really wanna watch!
This match will be fought
by the fierce, unstoppable
Student Body President,
Rose Oriana!
And she'll be up against...
(crowd cheering)
[Po] Come to think of it,
how is Cid doing?
[Skel] What? He's actually
gonna go through with it?
[Po]
That's a little harsh, Skel.
[spectators]
President Rose, you can do it!
-Who is that guy?
-No idea.
-He's kind of plain looking.
[Kagenou] Student Council
President Rose Oriana:
Princess of the Oriana Kingdom,
land of art and culture.
And while being the princess of
the land of art and culture,
she is also the best
swordswoman at the Academy.
She's the textbook definition
of a named character.
One must be grateful for such
good fortune.
[Kagenou] My opponent is
unparalleled in skill
and unsurpassed in popularity.
There's not a single spectator
cheering for me.
Now is the time.
The time to reveal the
48 master techniques
I've honed through my long
and arduous training.
Rose Oriana versus
Cid Kagenou...
Ready?
Begin!
(sonic boom echoing)
(clock ticking)
(thump)
[Kagenou] Now!
(chomp)
(ground crunching)
(hard impacts)
[Cid] Waaah!
[Kagenou] Perfection,
the background character
secret technique:
Spinning Drill Fall,
Bloody Tornado.
An unsightly defeat
in the first round
at the hands of an
indisputable champion...
I'm truly the perfect
side character!
(crowd cheering)
[ref] W-winner, Rose Ori-
[both] Huh?
[Cid] Not yet!
[blood squelching]
I won't let it be over yet!
(hacking and coughing)
(blood spewing)
Wait, are you sure you can
still fight in your condition?
Ref! There is still a fire
burning in his eyes!
I thank you sincerely,
Miss Oriana.
Now let's keep going.
I still have 47 background
character techniques
to show off.
(sonic boom echoing)
(clock ticking)
(hard impacts)
Waaah!
[ref] W-winner, Rose Ori-
[both] Huh?!
[Cid] Not yet.
I can still fight!
(hard impacts)
[Cid] Not yet!
[both] Huh?!
(hard impact echoing)
[Cid] Not yet!
(many hard impacts)
(incoming)
Waaah!
[Cid] No... not... yet...
(blood squelching)
Why are you so determined?
(ungh)
(blood squelching)
[Rose] I've smashed you
over a dozen times
and I permeated every one of
those attacks with magic.
And yet you refuse to let this
battle come to an end.
That's what you're saying,
isn't it?
I owe you an apology
for underestimating you at
the beginning of this match,
and that is why...
I will end it with this NOW!
[ref] That's enough!
[Cid] Ungh!
(thuds)
(gasps)
The winner is Rose Oriana!
(crowd cheering)
Wait, please! I still haven't
shown you all that I can do!
No, it's too dangerous
for you to go on!
Get a stretcher, now!
[Rose] It may be true
that I won the fight.
However, I'm utterly defeated
in the battle of our spirits.
[medics] The patient is in
shock! He's lashing out!
[Cid] Let me go! Let me go!
-Then calm him down!
-I still have 33 techniques
to show off!
[Rose] Cid Kagenou, huh?
-It's for his own good!
Hurt him if you have to!
[Rose] You have my respect.
(crowd cheering)
(indistinct chatter)
[students] Yes!
-Yeah, get him!
-Go for it!
-All right!
Oh, the dark horse.
Can't raise a sword against
your betrothed? Really?
[Kagenou]
I hope I get a chance to show
off the rest of my techniques.
I almost just wish I could be
in that cliched scene,
that's all.
(rapid footsteps)
[Cid] Huh?
Oh, sorry, excuse me.
You're not hurt too badly,
are you? (shimmer)
[Cid] You're... who again?
[Sherry]
So, I watched your match.
[Cid] You did? Thanks.
[Sherry]
I don't usually watch sword
fights or that kind of thing
but the way you kept
standing back up,
I think it was just
totally incredible.
[Cid] You think?
[Kagenou] This girl has a
strange way of seeing things
but I guess some people
are like that.
So, I um, uh...
This is...
I made these for you!
[Cid] Huh?
What is it?
[Sherry]
I baked you some cookies.
As a thank you.
A thank you? For what?
Maybe she's thanking me
for showing her
those sweet background
character moves.
[Cid] Uh, thanks.
S-so if it's all right
with you and all,
I would like for us to be...
I would like for us
to be friends!
Friends?
I mean, I don't really
see a problem with that.
[Cid] Okay.
(giggles happily)
Yes! I did it!
I can't believe it happened!
I'm so happy!
We're friends now, Father!
[Cid] Huh?
[Kagenou] Lutheran Barnett,
assistant principal
of the Academy of Science.
A master swordsman,
accomplished in both martial
and scholastic arts,
who was once even champion at
the Bushin Festival.
He's on the list of people I
should never interact with
if I wanna remain as
obscure as possible.
So if this girl is
calling him father,
she must be Sherry Barnett.
Unquestionably
a named character.
I always figured I wouldn't
really come into contact
with students from
the Science Academy.
I was careless.
[Sherry] Are you sure
you're not in any pain?
[Cid] Oh, yeah, yeah, I'm fine.
I expect you to see a doctor,
young man. You hear me?
[Cid] Yeah, I will.
Maybe on my way home.
[Kagenou] But not really,
because they'll find out
I'm not actually hurt.
[Lutheran] This girl is so
devoted to her research.
In fact, she's currently
absorbed in a project
researching an artifact
for the Knight Order.
That's probably why she has
never made any real friends.
No, please, Father!
(chuckles)
(pouts)
She seems carefree now, but
she's been through a lot.
If it's not too much to ask,
please be good to her.
[Cid] Sure.
No, I'm a nobody
background character.
So being good to a named
character is kinda...
But look at them.
I can't say that to them now,
(Sherry giggles happily)
so I'll just use my injuries
as an excuse to stay home
for a few days and
give us some distance.
[Po] The favorite to win...
(indistinct chatter)
[Skel] ...forfeited the match
because of his horoscope.
What the hell?
(gentle music)
(Sherry sighs)
What has gotten into me?
Something's off.
I mean, Cid DID say
something about a doctor.
I could go visit him.
That wouldn't be weird,
or would it?
We're friends, right?
(gentle music continues)
(gasps)
(chocolate crunching)
Ah...
Okay...
(indistinct chatter)
Yum, that's tasty.
Black is the only way
to drink coffee.
The way the sweet tooth begs
for gallons of milk
and tons of sugar...
It's blasphemy, I tell you.
(knocking on door) Hmm?
Who is it?
Uh...
I'm a second year student at
the Academy of Science,
Sherry Barnett.
Of course, how can I help you?
I'm sorry to drop in like this.
Uh-huh...
[Marco] Umm...
Would you like to come in?
[Alexia]
Please have some coffee.
It's quite trendy these days.
If it's too bitter for you,
I do have sugar and milk.
[Sherry]
Oh, thank you very much.
(coffee splashing)
Uh...
It's so sweet. I love it.
That's the way
you like to drink it?
Sorry?
Oh, nothing.
I think I can guess why you've
come to visit me here tonight,
Sherry.
This is about your
artifact analysis, right?
No, actually.
The student council
election schedule?
No, we don't have our election
on the same day as yours.
Oh, is that so?
Then what does bring you here?
[Sherry]
Well, as a matter of fact,
there's something I'd like to
ask you, Princess Alexia.
Uh-huh.
What I wanted to ask you...
Well, I heard that you were...
I was just wondering
if maybe you were
romantically involved
with anyone?
What?
I'm sorry!
It's just that I heard you were
in a relationship
with Cid Kagenou,
and so I was wondering if
perhaps you two were
still seeing
each other or whatever.
[Alexia] We broke up.
Huh?
Yes, we have broken up.
As a matter of fact,
we weren't even really
dating to begin with.
We were just pretending
to be a couple
for reasons I won't bore you.
[Sherry] Really?!
I mean that...
That is such a relief.
Actually, you see, I happened
to become friends with Cid
just the other day.
[Alexia] Oh, really?
[Sherry] Yes!
And so I got to be very curious
about the two of you.
I couldn't concentrate
on my research.
I didn't know what
I was going to do,
but I feel so much better now.
I mean, it's so
wonderful to hear
that you two aren't
a couple anymore.
Yes, so wonderful.
(angrily) I'm so happy to help.
You did! Thank you so much
for talking with me!
And thank you for the
delicious coffee! (giggles)
(mmm)
[Sherry] (humming)
[Marco] Hmm?
Here, thank you.
Huh?!
(glass shattering)
[both] Huh?
[both] Oh...
(gentle music)
(indistinct chatter)
[Kagenou] When I finally went
back to class after five days,
I felt like everyone was nicer
to me for some reason.
But I was probably
imagining it.
Nothing changing
the status quo.
That is what a bit character
truly wishes for.
Is something going on
right now or what?
They're going to explain how
the student election works.
Election? Please, we all know
it's just going to be
the kids from the highest
ranking families, like always.
The third years aren't
even here this week.
What's the point?
[Po] They're out for that
extracurricular program.
[Skel] Lucky stiffs.
If I could go off campus,
I might actually meet someone.
[Po] Yeah, a mature older woman
with an adult charm that
none of these-
[Rose] Excuse me, everyone.
I would like to thank you
for giving us your time today.
We're here to explain
the election
to fill the vacancy in
the student council.
Mm-hmm. Now please allow me
to give you an outline
of the upcoming by-election.
Our former secretary has
finalized her engagement
and will be leaving us...
Let us begin.
(tense music)
(energy buzzing)
(energy building)
Huh?
(birds chirping)
The road to freedom is going
to be a rather long one.
Huh?
It's closed?
Why are the gates closed?
Class is still going on,
isn't it?
(gasps)
What the...
[Kagenou] What the...
(council rep chattering)
(energy buzzing and fizzing)
[council rep] ...we of the
student council are...
[Kagenou] I can't work my magic.
[council rep]
...achieve that goal.
[Kagenou]
Has nobody else noticed it?
[council rep] As I just
explained, this election
will follow the same pattern
as our standard-
(tense music)
(gasps)
(crash)
(students gasping)
(tense music continues)
Nobody move!
We are Shadow Garden...
(clattering)
...and we are taking over
this Academy.
Everybody stay in your seats.
Hands where I can see them.
[Rose] You don't seem to
understand what kind
of a place you've invaded.
Take over an
Academy of Dark Knights?
This is hardly the act
of a sane person.
[fake shadow]
Drop your weapons.
I refuse.
[fake shadow] Hmphf!
Then you'll make
the perfect example.
(energy buzzing)
[council rep] Miss President!
[Rose] What?! My magic!
[fake shadow] (evil laugh)
So you figured it out,
but it's too late!
Without magic, you can't parry
the sword of a Dark Knight.
Or didn't they teach you that?
Stop it now!
(schwing)
(blood splurting)
[Rose] Uh!
(heavy thud)
(blood splattering)
(sploosh)
No...
(ENDING THEME)